Qiao Lian clenched her fists and lowered her head.
Actually, he was right.
She was indeed an idiot, as only an idiot would believe that they could find true love online.
She curled her lips and took a deep breath. Just when she was about to put down her cell phone, a barrage of posts bombarded her WeChat account.
She logged into her account and saw that a large number of fans in the Shen Liangchuan fan group had tagged her.
[Qiao Lian: What happened?]
[Chuan Forever: Qiao Lian, look at the headlines on Weibo, quickly!]
She froze momentarily, then picked up her cell phone and logged into Weibo. When she saw the headlines, her entire body immediately froze over again!
Shen Liangchuan arrived at the scene after accepting the invitation. The director immediately went to greet him in a respectful manner, politely welcoming him and expressing his gratitude for Shen Liangchuan’s presence today.
Shen Liangchuan did not speak. Instead he looked at Wang Wenhao, who was nearby.
After Wang Wenhao’s scandal broke, every film he starred in had been taken down. Only this show could still be broadcasted, as Wang Wenhao had a supporting role in it and was practically unnoticeable.
In fact, the cast and crew hadn’t even invited Wang Wenhao. However, he had obtained a copy of the invitation letter somehow, and strode imposingly into the venue anyway.
After all, this was his final chance.
After his scandals broke, practically every advertiser and filming crew wanted to break their contracts with him.
He would rather take a supporting role than fade out into obscurity.
That was because the scandals surrounding him would never disappear.
Thus, Wang Wenhao went around trying to curry favor with everybody at this press conference.
Shen Liangchuan was wearing a dark grey suit and he had a cold expression. He was holding a champagne glass and was currently standing beside a table. He looked exceptionally stylish, but also exceptionally icy. As a result, none of the people around him dared to approach him.
If anyone had paid attention to him, they would have noticed that his gaze kept drifting over to Wang Wenhao.
Song Cheng stood at his side. After noticing his behavior, he could not help but pinch his arm.
Shen Liangchuan turned around and looked at him casually, with a questioning face.
“Brother Shen, what are you planning to do? Can you tell me beforehand so that I can prepare myself mentally. You suddenly decide to come and attend such a small-scale press conference, yet you have been completely silent and are now just standing here and doing nothing? My heart is beating anxiously right now.”
After Shen Liangchuan heard him speak, he sipped a mouthful of champagne and put the glass down.
Then, he walked away in long strides.
Song Cheng was extremely nervous and followed him. Shen Liangchuan walked forward, one step at a time, until he reached the front of the room.
Wang Wenhao was currently ingratiating himself with a C-list celebrity. The celebrity asked, “Hey, I heard that you beat a paparazzi?”
“Yeah, the paparazzi nowadays are so disgusting. I have wanted to teach them a lesson myself for some time now!” "Are not you afraid of becoming an enemy of them?"
“I’ve already done it, so what should I be scared of? That time Best Actor Shen beat up a reporter, he claimed that it was in self-defence so that he would have an excuse if he got sued, right? At that time, nobody said anything”
As Wang Wenhao spoke, he laughed heartily. Just as he was about to continue speaking, he suddenly felt a presence approaching him from behind.
He turned around and saw Shen Liangchuan. His eyes narrowed and attempted to smile at him. However, Shen Liangchuan took a step forward, grabbed his tie and threw a punch at his face!