Karen clenched her fists and lowered her head .
He was right .
He was just an idiot , yet he actually believed in love on the internet .
She curled her lips and took a deep breath . Just as she was about to put her phone down , her WeChat exploded .
She clicked on it and found that it was a group of cold fans . Everyone was @ her .
&#91; Qiao Yi : What ’ s wrong ? &#93;
&#91; Endless stream : Qiao Ji , quickly look at the headlines on Weibo ! The headlines on Weibo ? &#93;
She was stunned for a moment . She picked up her phone and logged onto Weibo . When she saw the headlines , she was stunned !
Shen Liangchuan was invited to the production team ’ s press conference . The director immediately greeted him respectfully and politely said these words to express his gratitude towards him .
Shen Liangchuan didn ’ t say anything and looked at Wang Wenhao not far away .
After Wang Wenhao ’ s accident , all of his works were put down . This drama could still be played because Wang Wenhao rarely played the third male lead role . It was almost negligible .
The cast and crew didn ’ t invite Wang Wenhao at all , but he had gotten an invitation from somewhere and came in openly . Of course , he had to come in .
This was his last chance .
When the scandal broke out , almost all the advertisers and crew had broken the contract with him .
He would rather film the third male lead than remain silent .
This was because he couldn ’ t suppress his feelings at all .
Therefore , at the press conference , Wang Wenhao tried to curry favor with others .
Shen Liangchuan was dressed in a dark grey suit and his face was cold . He held a tall champagne glass in his hand and stood beside the table . He looked exceptionally handsome , but he was also exceptionally cold , making the people around him not dare to approach him .
However , if one could notice him , they would find out that his gaze was always on Wang Wenhao .
Song Cheng stood beside him . When he noticed this , he couldn ’ t help but tug at his arm .
Shen Liangchuan turned around and looked at him with a questioning gaze .
“ Brother Shen , what exactly are you trying to do ? Can you tell me so that I can be mentally prepared ? You suddenly ran over to participate in such a small production team ’ s press conference and didn ’ t say anything . My heart is in a panic . ”
When Shen Liangchuan heard this , he took a sip of champagne and put the champagne down .
Then , he took a long step forward .
Song Cheng ’ s heart was raised as he followed closely behind him . Shen Liangchuan walked forward step by step .
Wang Wenhao was trying to get close to the other third-rate stars . That person asked , “ I heard you hit a paparazzi ? ”
“ That ’ s right . The paparazzi nowadays are annoying . I ’ ve been wanting to teach them a lesson a long time ago ! ”
“ I ’ m already like this , what ’ s there to be afraid of ? Back then , Mr. Shen used the excuse that he was defending himself to beat up a paparazzi . Wasn ’ t it just a matter of time before he went to court ? ”
When Wang Wenhao said this , he chuckled . Just as he was about to say something , he suddenly felt someone approaching him .
He turned around and saw Shen Liangchuan ’ s pupils shrink . He licked his lips and smiled . He saw Shen Liangchuan take a step forward and grab his collar . Then , a fist smashed towards his face !
